# Stanford-CS224N-NLP-with-Deep-Learning-Winter-2021
Stanford-CS224N-NLP-with-Deep-Learning-Winter-2021


CS224N: Natural Language Processing with Deep Learning | Winter 2021


For more information about Stanfordâ€™s Artificial Intelligence professional and graduate programs, visit: 

https://learn.stanford.edu/Social-AI-YouTube.html?utm_medium=social&utm_term&utm_campaign=AI&utm_source=youtube

stanfordonline

-------


1

1:24:27
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 1 - Introduction and Word Vectors
stanfordonline

2

1:15:18
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 2 - Neural Classifiers
stanfordonline

3

1:22:29
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 3 - Backprop and Neural Networks
stanfordonline

4

1:21:22
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 4 - Dependency Parsing
stanfordonline

5

1:19:18
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 5 - Language Models and RNNs
stanfordonline

6

1:21:38
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 6 - Simple and LSTM RNNs
stanfordonline

7

1:18:55
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 7 - Translation, Seq2Seq, Attention
stanfordonline

8

1:20:58
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 8 - Final Projects; Practical Tips
stanfordonline

9

1:16:57
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 9 - Self- Attention and Transformers
stanfordonline

10

1:21:46
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 10 - Transformers and Pretraining
stanfordonline

11

1:51:53
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 11 - Question Answering
stanfordonline

12

1:17:27
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 12 - Natural Language Generation
stanfordonline

13

1:21:46
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 13 - Coreference Resolution
stanfordonline

14

1:35:14
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 14 - T5 and Large Language Models
stanfordonline

15

1:17:25
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 15 - Add Knowledge to Language Models
stanfordonline

16

1:51:15
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 16 - Social & Ethical Considerations
stanfordonline

17

1:17:11
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 17 - Model Analysis and Explanation
stanfordonline

18

1:20:06
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2021 | Lecture 18 - Future of NLP + Deep Learning
stanfordonline

19

1:15:46
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N: NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2020 | Low Resource Machine Translation
stanfordonline

20

54:29
NOW PLAYING
Stanford CS224N: NLP with Deep Learning | Winter 2020 | BERT and Other Pre-trained Language Models
stanfordonline






-------
